House Speaker Mike Johnson has unveiled his plan to avert a government shutdown by Friday night. The short-term stopgap bill would fund the government until September 30th. The measure would increase defense spending by six billion dollars and cut domestic spending by thirteen billion dollars. It also allocates more money for immigration and customs enforcement and veterans health care funding. So far two Republicans, Congressman Thomas Massey and Senator Rand Paul of Kentucky, say they will vote no on the bill. House Democrats have also indicated there will be no support on their end. For more, let's bring in CBS News Congressional Correspondent Nicole Killian. So, Nicole, we keep seeing these legislative fights over funding every few months. Remind us why lawmakers are pursuing short-term bills as opposed to a long-term one. Because it can't get the long-term ones done. And that's the issue. You know, obviously, many lawmakers and congressional leaders for that matter and appropriators would like to do this through a regular order, which typically the way it works is that these agencies are funded through appropriations bills. You have 12 in total. And so, you know, you see each chamber go through each one of them and pass them over time. And so the bottom line is we just haven't gotten there yet. Now, that being said, there hasn't been there has been an attempt made to do that in the sense that congressional appropriators have been talking for many, many weeks now to try to get to what's called a top line spending number that would kind of basically dictate how much money could be allocated for each of these 12 bills. So we keep hearing from appropriators, they're close, they're close, they're close. But because they are not there yet, that's why this short term patch is needed. House Republicans want to cut 13 billion dollars in domestic spending. Why are GOP lawmakers focusing on this and what would be affected? Well, basically, again, this continuing resolution, if you will, is expected to cover government agencies for the year. And in talking to GOP leadership aides, what they emphasize is that this does increase defense spending modestly, but as you mentioned, does make some cuts. So it's technically not a clean CR, if you will, from that standpoint, and that it's about 13 billion dollars under fiscal year 24 levels, although leadership aides point out that it does include that increase for veterans health care. So they did try to preserve that. But that is really the issue that many House Democrats have with this is that they believe that it is making cuts to other critical programs, whether that's nutrition assistance and other programs out there that they value. So for that reason, that is why they are mostly opposed. So between Democrats who don't want to come to Johnson's aid and hardline Republicans, who's the biggest threat here to the bill at this point? Well, I think all of the above. Right. I mean, you know, you and I have been through these discussions many times before. And typically the way it works, especially with these continuing resolutions, is that many times it is a bipartisan vote. And that is primarily what Leader Jeffries is articulating. He's just saying, look, you know, let's let these appropriators do their job. Maybe we would pass a shorter term stopgap measure so that appropriators can finish their work and we can get that bipartisan end product in terms of getting through those appropriations bills. They do not want to go with this yearlong CR. But that being said, you know, there has been a very intense effort to try to get Republicans who typically don't like these CRs on board, whether that is members of the House Freedom Caucus who met with the president last week. And the president even today has been working the phones, trying to convince hardline Republicans to back this bill. Nicole Killian, thank you.